RHIDP-1595: How to use HA in RHDH (#967)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/assembly-configuring-high-availability.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
:context: HighAvailability
[id="{context}"]
= Configuring high availability in {product}

> Previously, {product} supports a single-instance application. With this configuration, if the instance fails due to software crashes, hardware issues, or other unexpected disruptions, the entire {product} service becomes unavailable, preventing the development workflows or access to the resources. With high availability, you receive a failover mechanism that ensures the service is available even if one or more components fail. By increasing the number of replicas, you can enjoy seamless access to the instance, leading to higher productivity and minimal disruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, {product} supports a single-instance application. With this configuration, if the instance fails due to software crashes, hardware issues, or other unexpected disruptions, the entire {product} service becomes unavailable, preventing the development workflows or access to the resources. With high availability, you receive a failover mechanism that ensures the service is available even if one or more components fail. By increasing the number of replicas, you introduce redundancy to help increase productivity and minimize disruption.
```

This revision is optional. I think redundancy is a keyword when it comes to HA. On the other hand, I added "to help" to soften the language and ensure we aren't making any claims that might have a legal implication in our docs. We can't promise that doing this will actually lead to higher productivity, etc.

Author: Thanks, Lindsey. I've incorporated them. :)

As an administrator, you can configure High Availability in {product}. Once you set the High Availability option in {product-short}, the {ocp-brand-name} built-in Load Balancer manages the ingress traffic and distributes the load to each pod. The {product-very-short} backend also manages concurrent requests or conflicts on the same resource. 

> You can configure High Availability in {product-short} by scaling your `replicas` {user-home} to a number greater than 1 in your configuration file. The configuration file that you use depends on the method that you used to install your {product-short} instance. If you used the Operator to install your {product-short} instance, configure the replica values in your `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR. If you used the Helm chart to install your {product-short} instance, configure the replica values in your Helm chart.

Reviewer 2: Consider removing ` {user-home}`

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
:context: HighAvailability
[id="{context}"]
= Configuring High Availability in {product}

> 

Reviewer 2: Consider starting the introduction by describing the default behavior, and explaining the HA banefits (why, for production, a customer should enable HA).

> As an administrator, you can configure High Availability in {product}. Once you set the High Availability option in {product-short}, the {ocp-brand-name} built-in Load Balancer manages the ingress traffic and distributes the load to each pod. The {product-very-short} backend also manages concurrent requests or conflicts on the same resource. 

Author: The IBM documentation says "High Availiablity (HA).. should we follow that?
https://www.ibm.com/think/topics/high-availability

> As an administrator, you can configure High Availability in {product}. Once you set the High Availability option in {product-short}, the {ocp-brand-name} built-in Load Balancer manages the ingress traffic and distributes the load to each pod. The {product-very-short} backend also manages concurrent requests or conflicts on the same resource. 

Reviewer 2: It is not capitalized in [ibm.com/think/topics/high-availability](https://www.ibm.com/think/topics/high-availability)

See:

> What is high availability?

> High availability (HA)

> As an administrator, you can configure High Availability in {product}. Once you set the High Availability option in {product-short}, the {ocp-brand-name} built-in Load Balancer manages the ingress traffic and distributes the load to each pod. The {product-very-short} backend also manages concurrent requests or conflicts on the same resource. 

Author: Sorry, guys!

You can configure High Availability in {product-very-short} by scaling your `replicas` {user-home} to a number greater than 1. You can apply this using any of the following methods:

* The {product} Operator
* The {product} Helm chart

> include::modules/configuring-high-availability/proc-configuring-high-availability-in-rhdh-operator-deployment.adoc[leveoffset=+1]

Reviewer 2: typo

```suggestion
include::modules/configuring-high-availability/proc-configuring-high-availability-in-rhdh-operator-deployment.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
```
